Added prototype Dapp to repo (#44)
PegaSysEng/permissioning-smart-contracts: README.md

### Testing
`npm test`

### Permissioning Management Dapp (under development)

The Permissisioning Management Dapp is still in BETA. It is under active development and shouldn't be used in any production system.

The Dapp will facilitate managing permissioning rules and maintaining the list of admin accounts that can edit rules.

> At the moment, the instruction won't say anything about linking the Dapp with your Pantheon node. This integration will documented in the future. The instructions here are target to developers working on the Dapp development, not users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, these instructions won't say anything about linking the Dapp with your Pantheon node. This integration will be documented in the future. The instructions here are targeted to developers working on the Dapp development, not users.
```
